docs: update quickstart to beta-4 (#44)
FuelLabs/docs-hub: docs/guides/docs/quickstart/building-a-smart-contract.mdx

fuelup self update
```

```console
Fetching binary from https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuelup/releases/download/v0.19.4/fuelup-0.19.4-aarch64-apple-darwin.tar.gz
Downloading component fuelup without verifying checksum
Unpacking and moving fuelup to /var/folders/tp/0l8zdx9j4s9_n609ykwxl0qw0000gn/T/.tmpiNJQHt
Moving /var/folders/tp/0l8zdx9j4s9_n609ykwxl0qw0000gn/T/.tmpiNJQHt/fuelup to /Users/.fuelup/bin/fuelup
```

> Then run `fuelup toolchain install beta-4` to install the `beta-4` toolchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then install the `beta-4` toolchain using it.

```console
fuelup toolchain install beta-4
```

```
